[Autogenerated] earlier.
In the course,
you've learned about the different types off message general
implementations that spring integration provides.
Remember that we had subscribe double message
channels and possible message channels,
which could further be divided into point to point
channels and published subscribe channels.
There are three subscribe Double message General implementations,
which are direct channel executed channel and published subscribed channel.
The first two of these are point to point channels,
which means that each message sent to such a channel is
received by exactly one receiver.
A point to point Channel can have multiple receivers,
but each message is delivered to only one of the receivers.
A published subscribed channel, on the other hand,
broadcasts messages that are sent to it to all of its receivers.
So when a message is sent to published subscribed channel,
a copy of the message is delivered to each off the
subscribed receivers off the channel.
The most common use case for published subscribe channels is
to broadcast event notification messages.
That's also how we are going to use it in our demo application.
Currently,
the only thing the registration service does is
story registration in the database,
what we're going to do is have the registration service return,
an object that represents a registration event.
It will be sent to a published subscribed channel so that other
components can take action whenever a registration is made.
Another,
more subtle difference between point to point channels and
published subscribe channels is in the degree off de
coupling off senders and receivers.
A point to Point Channel already provides a way to
decouple the center from the receiver.
The center doesn't need to know who the receiver is.
That's going to process the message that it sends to its point to point channel.
However,
when you're designing a messaging application and
you're using a point to point channel, you likely already have in mind.
What receiver will be processing the messages and you'll design the
payload of the messages specifically for that receiver.
A published subscribed channel provides an even higher degree
of decoupling between sender and receivers.
When you use a published subscribed channel,
multiple different receivers will probably receive the message,
so you'll tend to design the message payload in a more generic way.
This high degree of the coupling makes it easy to extend the
system later with new types of receivers to handle the messages
on the publish subscribed channel.
Most likely,
the only thing you'll need to do is write code for the new
receiver and subscribe to the channel,
And you won't need to change the center or the content of the
messages when deciding whether to use a point to point channel
or publish subscribed channel.
The question it comes down to is, should only one receiver process the message,
or does it make sense?
If multiple receivers may process the message,
the answer often depends on what role the message place in the
application messages can have different roles.
For example, a message may play the role over command,
where the center sends the message to tell the receiver to executes some action.
A message can also represent a piece of data,
which is, for example, sent as a reply to a query.
A third type of message represents an event to notify receivers
that an event has happened in the system.
These three roles correspond to three enterprise integration patterns,
which are the command message, document message and event message patterns.
When deciding what kind of channel to use,
you will find that if your message represents an event.
A published subscribed channel is the best choice most of the time.
On the other hand,
if a message represents a piece of data or a command that must be executed,
a point to point journal is often more suited.
There is, however, no exact recipe to make the decision,
and ultimately it comes down to a design choice.
It's time to bring the theory into practice.
Let's see how we can implement published subscribe messaging in the Globomantics application.